Update docs for service-defaults overrides. (#16960)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

#### Remove deprecated service-defaults peer upstream override behavior

> The `service-defaults` upstream [`overrides`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#overrides)
> parameter does not apply to peer upstreams unless the [`peer`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#peer) field is explicitly provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring a service defaults configuration entry, the [`UpstreamConfig.Overrides` configuration](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#upstreamconfig-overrides) 
does not apply to peer upstreams unless the [`Peer`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#upstreamconfig-overrides-peer) field is explicitly provided.
```
Aha, with a little more context I think we can link to the params a little more effectively
